Documentation for COM feature addition (#817)
mandiant/capa-rules: doc/format.md

    bytes: 01 14 02 00 00 00 00 00 C0 00 00 00 00 00 00 46 = CLSID_ShellLink
    bytes: EE 14 02 00 00 00 00 00 C0 00 00 00 00 00 00 46 = IID_IShellLink

> ### com
> COM features represent Component Object Model (COM) interfaces and classes used in the program's logic. They help identify interactions with COM objects, methods, properties, and interfaces. The parameter is the name of the COM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### com
COM features represent Component Object Model (COM) interfaces and classes used in the program's logic. They help identify interactions with COM objects, methods, properties, and interfaces. The parameter is the name of the COM class or interface. This feature allows you to list human-readable names instead of the byte representations found in the program.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples:
```

```yaml

> - com/class: InternetExplorer #bytes: 01 DF 02 00 00 00 00 00 C0 00 00 00 00 00 00 46 = CLSID_InternetExplorer
> - com/interface: IWebBrowser2 #bytes: 61 16 0C D3 AF CD D0 11 8A 3E 00 C0 4F C9 E2 6E = IID_IWebBrowser2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- com/class: InternetExplorer  # bytes: 01 DF 02 00 00 00 00 00 C0 00 00 00 00 00 00 46 = CLSID_InternetExplorer
- com/interface: IWebBrowser2  # bytes: 61 16 0C D3 AF CD D0 11 8A 3E 00 C0 4F C9 E2 6E = IID_IWebBrowser2
```

Reviewer: or maybe we remove the comments here (as we don't need to list them in the rules) and add them as explanation above or below this block?

```

> Rule parsers will translate the above rule to its `bytes` and `string` representation by fetching the GUIDs from the COM database using the COM name.
> 
> Translated Representation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule parser translates com features to their `bytes` and `string` representation by fetching the GUIDs from an internal COM database.

Translated representation of the above rule:
```

```yaml
- or:

>   - string : "0002DF01-0000-0000-C000-000000000046"
>     description: InternetExplorer as guid string
>   - bytes : 01 DF 02 00 00 00 00 00 C0 00 00 00 00 00 00 46 = InternetExplorer as bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - string : "0002DF01-0000-0000-C000-000000000046"
    description: InternetExplorer as GUID string
  - bytes : 01 DF 02 00 00 00 00 00 C0 00 00 00 00 00 00 46 = InternetExplorer as bytes
```

Reviewer: if exported like this we could also use `CLSID_` and `IID_` prefixes

Author: Added COM prefixes

- or:
  - string: "D30C1661-CDAF-11D0-8A3E-00C04FC9E26E"
    description: IWebBrowser2 as guid string
  - bytes: 61 16 0C D3 AF CD D0 11 8A 3E 00 C0 4F C9 E2 6E = IWebBrowser2 as bytes
```

> Note: I added the description field for the bytes entries in the translated representation to match the provided example where the comments are included. This helps to maintain consistency in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The automatically added descriptions help to maintain consistency and improve documentation.
```
